now Seth Frenchman is the opinion editor
at The Jerusalem Post he joins us now
live from West Jerusalem hi Seth tell us
is a big door Lieberman resigning
because of this botched operation that
led to the massive escalation and
violence in Gaza or does he genuinely
believe that a ceasefire with Hamas does
not serve Israeli interests well I think
that it's probably a little bit of both
right I mean Lieberman certainly I think
wants to become part of the popular
anger you see in Israel that sees the
government as weak and there was a big
protest yesterday next in the Gaza
border in stero
which is a big city that's been a victim
of a lot of Hamas rockets so I think
that we can see that leave him and
obviously wants to tap into that but as
as you noted just before in the segment
I mean Lieberman is certainly a
hardliner Lieberman would like to deal
Hamas a tough blow so I think that
probably he doesn't feel it's in the
best interest in Israel but he also
would like to walk I think ride the wave
of popular anger over why is there yet
another ceasefire in Israel after almost
500 rockets were fired seth Lieberman is
he's a hawk you know some say in the
most dangerous sense even but do you
think that's what Israel really wants
right now and could we see more like him
elected
if early elections are indeed called
well lieberman's party itself by itself
doesn't have very many seats actually in
the Knesset but if you look at
lieberman's track record in Israel you
know he's had ministerial portfolios for
more than ten years he's also been a
foreign minister now defense minister
he's actually one of Israel's most
powerful politicians in some ways
despite not having a lot of mandates and
he's a very smooth political operator so
I don't think it's necessarily a
question before Seymour Berger
lieberman's he'll probably find a way
into the next government but I do think
now if there are elections there will be
many questions about why Netanyahu has
been in power for 10 years and why
Israel has no real strategy in terms of
what to do with Gaza and Israel doesn't
seem Demma strategy
Ezra has a much more clear regional
strategy in the Middle East in terms of
the Gulf states or Egypt or other issues
or especially Iran but I think many
people wonder why is that Israel has no
strategy in terms of what's happening in
Gaza okay Seth France men like to thank
you so much for joining us there and
sharing your opinion from West Jerusalem
[Music]